But it's a natural instinct to do that. You know,
I was telling you before the show, Ted Nugent is a nice guy.
He's like a really nice guy. God.
Remember trolling his message board from your message board.
Old, his message board. And you were,
you were giving instructions on how other people should trolls message board. I,
they were, they were so like, they were Magda before Magda was mega.
Like they were make America great.
I had a bit about it in my act about not needing the draft.
He just show up at Ted doujin concerts and scoop them up and nets.
It was subtitle. Otherwise they're going to take away NASCAR. And, uh,
I forget the bit, but it.
Was, I even have a message board are there now it's over. Do they even exist?
Because your message board would troll. And I,
I got on board with the trolling Ted Nugent's message board and I would pass
them aggressively. I would backhand, uh,
insult him by God. Hey, we get a,
we get a band together and get the new news back on the airwaves. It's no fair.
All these, uh, you know,
rage against the machine wannabes are getting all the airplay.
And when I called to request a true rock and roll legend,
like Ted Nugent, they laugh me off the phone.
And it's no fair that all these guys are selling out arenas and Ted Nugent
is stuck at some state fair playing beside, you know,
tilt a whirl and an Andy Gump. Oh,
oh, a handful of people.
So I'm like I'm pro rooting people to get new news more notice,
but at the same time,
he's playing 35 people at the Arkansas state fair. It's no.